step one frame your shots make sure your
subject is in focus because if it wasn't
that would be bad step 2 turn on auto
bracketing your camera doesn't have auto
bracketing then take one picture with a
negative one exposure one picture with a
zero exposure and one picture with a
plus one exposure make sure the camera
is completely still while you're doing
this and I'm just going to set the
self-timer 22 seconds just so when the
camera takes the pictures it's
completely still so you can see how auto
bracketing is doing the work for you
some cameras actually have auto HDR
built into the camera so that's pretty
cool alright so I'm not using a screen
capture program sorry about that here's
what you want to do you want to open up
Photoshop and then you go to file
automate merge to HDR this window will
pop up then you click browse find the
three different exposure pictures that
you took to merge to HDR and it takes
about a minute to load and now as you
can see we have a very nice exposed HDR
image now you can see it took three
different exposures combine them all
into one nice exposure everything's
equally exposed nothing's over expose or
underexposed you can also mess with this
curves adjustment thingy to make it look
better it's too dark or too light just
make it how you like it click OK and now
we can mess with the gamma on the
exposure I would mess with the exposure
too much but uh if you mess around with
the gamma it looks pretty cool you can
get a nice effect out of it so uh move
it up or down just you know move it
anywhere it's not like there's no rules
like move it up twice or down just you
know tweak it and see what you like
twiki sneaky d key and then go to filter
sharpen smart sharpen
and then just kind of mess around with
the sharpness and nothing to exaggerate
it just kind of make a look nice and now
we're done i'll post a link to the photo
in the description so you can see it
better and thanks for watching this
tutorial guys um subscribe